# multi-label-classification
# Image processing and labeling
A public database was used, provided by Peking University through a global grand challenge named "International Competition on Ocular Disease Intelligent Recognition (ODIR)" (https://odir2019.grand-challenge.org). This dataset collects fundus images from the left and right eyes of 5000 patients and diagnostic keywords from doctors at different hospitals and medical centers in China. Demographic data for each patient, including age and sex, is also provided in the dataset. Eight categories of disease labels are provided for each patient, which refer to normal, DR, glaucoma, cataract, AMD, hypertension, myopia, and other abnormal diseases/abnormalities. Before the network training, we processed the fundus images in the ODIR database to confirm that the images were of sufficient quality for the experiment. Firstly, the study removed the poor-quality images for the left or right eye. According to the diagnostic keywords of the left eye and right eye, exclusion criteria for images followed some rules. A total of 2824 images were abandoned from the total of 10,000 fundus images in the ODIR database, leaving 7176 images. According to the diagnostic keywords of the left eye and right eye, eight categories of labels were assigned to each fundus image to reduce the complexity of network construction, which enabled the model to detect the fundus disease of an individual eye. After processing and labeling the images, the remaining 7176 images were used to train and test the model. Among these 7176 images, except the off-site testing set, 6210 images were used as the testing set. To achieve the purpose of single-label training and multi-label prediction, we only retained single-label images from the training set, a total of 5571 images. Because the fundus images labeled other diseases contain too many disease types, which is not conducive to the extraction of disease characteristics, we deleted the images labeled other diseases. Thus, each fundus image contains seven types of labels. In training set, the images labeled other diseases were removed, leaving 4430 images. The test set consisted of the multi-label images after removing the label of other diseases, totaling 261 images.

# Download:
public database: https://github.com/nkicsl/OIA;

model and code:
